I married me a wife and I sent her to milk, ti-riselty-ra-ra-ra.
The old old thing, she didn't know how,
Riselty-rosselty-now-John-Dobber-ti-willa-ti-wallie-ti-rusty-go-cwaller-nickelty-now-now-now.
She turns her milk in dad's old boot.
Ti-riselty-ra-ra-ra. and for her dash-o she uses her foot.
Riselty-rosselty-now-John-Dobber-ti-willa-ti-wallie-ti-rusty-go-cwaller-nickety-now-now-now.
She takes up a butter in Dad's old hat. Ti-riselty-ra-ra-ra.
And for her paddle she uses her cat. Riselty-rosselty-now-John-Dobber-ti-willa-ti-wallie-ti-rusty-go-cwaller-nickety-now-now-now.
She sweeps her floors but once a year
Ti-riselty-ra-ra-ra, and for her broom she uses her chair.
Riselty-rosselty-now-John-Dobber-ti-willa-ti-wallie-ti-rusty-go-cwaller-nickety-now-now-now.